Goodwin: THE TIME
TO ACT IS NOW...
WITH EVERY PASSING MOMENT,
THE POWER OF THE DARK SIGNERS
IS GROWING STRONGER...
YOU MUST GO TO
THE SATELLITE SECTOR.
ALL OF YOU.
YOU SIGNERS ARE
NEW DOMINO CITY'S ONLY HOPE...
IF YOU CAN'T STOP
THE FORCES OF EVIL...
OUR WORLD WILL FALL
INTO THE SHADOWS...
[THINKING] I HOPE
WE'RE READY FOR THIS...
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[THINKING] WHAT DID
MY DAD DO...?
YOU NEED TO GET
TO THE ORIGINAL
ENER-D REACTOR
IN THE SATELLITE.
"ORIGINAL"
WHAT NOW?
WHAT'S IT DO?
IT'S THE SOURCE OF
THE NEGATIVE ENERGY
THAT CAUSED
THIS DARK SMOKE
TO APPEAR.
AND IN A TWIST
OF FATE,
IT WAS BUILT
BY YUSEI'S FATHER.
YOU SEEM TO BE
IN THE KNOW.
WHAT'S THE WHOLE STORY
BEHIND THIS OLD
REACTOR THING?
Mina: THEY CALLED THE INCIDENT
ZERO REVERSE...
A MASSIVE ENERGY REACTOR
BEING BUILT
BY A GROUP KNOWN AS THE R.R.D.
MALFUNCTIONED AND RELEASED
A POWERFUL CHARGE
OF NEGATIVE ENERGY...
THAT'S WHAT SEPARATED SATELLITE
FROM THE MAINLAND
OF DOMINO CITY...
THE HEAD OF THE REACTOR
RESEARCH DIVISION
THE ONE IN CHARGE
OF THE REACTOR PROJECT...
WAS YUSEI'S FATHER.
Leo: WOAH...SO IF THAT
WAS YOUR DAD'S PROJECT,
WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM WHEN IT
NEGATIVE ENERGIED N' STUFF?
Luna: UNNH!...
DON'T BE DENSE.
WHADDYA THINK HAPPENED?
Leo: WHAT, WHAT'D I SAY?
Luna: NOTHING, JUST--
JUST STOP TALKING.
GO BACK A FEW...
WHY WOULD THEY PUT
SOME NO ONE
FROM SATELLITE
IN CHARGE OF
SUCH AN IMPORTANT
PROJECT?
YUSEI AND HIS DAD
WERE BORN IN DOMINO CITY.
SO ARE YOU SAYIN'
THIS SATELLITE REJECT
ISN'T ACTUALLY
A SATELLITE REJECT?
I WAS BORN IN
THE SATELLITE, TRUDGE!
GOT A PROBLEM WITH THAT?
NO, OF COURSE NOT...
Jack: THAT'S RIGHT,
TURN AROUND!
SAY, UH...IS THIS LIGHTNING
BOTHERING ANYONE ELSE?
ONE STRIKE
AND WE'RE FINISHED...
I'M THINKIN' WE SHOULD
TURN THIS BIRD AROUND.
OUR PRIMARY DIRECTIVE
IS TO REACH SATELLITE!
[THINKING] SHE'S KINDA CUTE
WHEN SHE TALKS OFFICIAL-LIKE.
EH?
SET US DOWN NEAR THAT
BUILDING IN THE PARK.
EH?!
DO AS HE SAYS.
Blister: WHO COULD THAT BE?
IT'S YUSEI!
...AND JACK!
OOH, LOOK AT YOU,
JACKIE BOY!
HI MARTHA...
I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW
BIG YOU'VE GOTTEN!
WELL, IT HAS BEEN
QUITE A WHILE
SINCE I LEFT,
YOU KNOW...
DO THAT THING
YOU USED TO DO...
THAT ADORABLE LITTLE
PRINCE ROUTINE!
[CHUCKLES]
GREETINGS, MOST FAIREST
OF MAIDENS.
MAY THIS PRINCE
KISS YOUR HAND?
[KISS]
[GIGGLES]
YOU'RE SUCH
A SWEET LITTLE BOY!
[LAUGHING]
MARTHA, I...
I CAN'T BREATHE!...
WELCOME BACK, YUSEI!
WOW!
THAT'S JACK ATLAS!
I THOUGHT EVERYONE
IN THE SATELLITE SECTOR
WOULD BE ALL
CREEPY AND SAD...
YEAH, I KNOW,
THEY SEEM SO FRIENDLY.
THAT'S HOW THEY
TRICK YOU, KIDS...
BUT THEY'RE ALL JUST
LIARS AND THIEVES.
Blister: YOU GOT
THAT RIGHT.
HUH?
WE'RE THE WORST KIND
OF PEOPLE IMAGINABLE.
HEY, YOU'RE--!
I REMEMBER YOU!
Blister: HEH!...
HOW NICE OF YOU TO VISIT
OUR HAPPY WASTELAND,
OFFICER.
LOOK--DIRECTOR GOODWIN IS
MAKING ME BABY-SIT YUSEI...
NO WAY I WOULD WILLINGLY COME
TO THIS GARBAGE DUMP OF A--
GO AWAY!
Both: AAAH!
HMPH...
I CANNOT BELIEVE
I HAD TO COME BACK HERE.
...STILL, IF IT MEANS
BEING NEAR MINA...
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
YOU'RE SECTOR SECURITY,
RIGHT, MISTER?
SO WHAT IF I AM?
THAT IS SO COOL!
I WANNA BE
SECURITY ONE DAY!
DO YA NOW?...WELL--
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT,
N' ONE DAY YOU MIGHT
LOOK AS GOOD AS ME
IN THIS UNIFORM.
[BOTH LAUGH]
SO, MARTHA, THINGS SURE
SEEM QUIET AROUND HERE...
Martha: THAT'S BECAUSE
THE FOG'S
TAKEN EVERYONE.
Martha: YESTERDAY,
A STRANGE BLACK FOG
APPEARED OUT OF NOWHERE
AND DESCENDED ON
THE DOWNTOWN AREA
OF SATELLITE,
AND WHEN IT CLEARED,
ALMOST EVERYONE
WHO HAD BEEN
CAUGHT IN THE FOG
WAS GONE...
WHADDYA MEAN?
THEY VANISHED.
THEY JUST WEREN'T
THERE ANYMORE.
FORTUNATELY, THE FOG DIDN'T
COME HERE, SO WE WERE SAFE,
BUT I'M AFRAID
EVERYONE ELSE...
WE HAVEN'T SEEN OR HEARD
FROM RALLY, TANK,
NERVIN, BLITZ OR CROW
SINCE THIS HAPPENED.
SERIOUSLY?!
I'M WORRIED THAT
SOMETHING TERRIBLE
HAS HAPPENED TO THEM.
WHO ARE THOSE PEOPLE, YUSEI,
ARE THEY YOUR FRIENDS?
Yusei: YEAH.
YOU'RE THAT SENATOR'S
DAUGHTER, AREN'T YOU?
YUP...GUILTY AS CHARGED.
YUSEI WAS TELLING ME
ALL ABOUT YOU.
YOU WERE RIGHT, YUSEI,
SHE'S VERY VERY PRETTY.
AND HOW ARE YOU DOING?
YOU'RE NOT STILL SCARED
TO FIGHT AGAINST KALIN,
ARE YOU?
NOT ANYMORE.
Yusei: THAT EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL OF HIS
KINDA SCARES ME...
AND HIS DARK SIGNER
POWERS KINDA SCARE ME...
BUT AS FOR ME DOUBTING
WHETHER OR NOT
I CAN FIGHT HIM 'CAUSE
WE USED TO BE FRIENDS...
I'M NOT WORRIED ANYMORE.
AFTER ALL--MY REAL
FRIENDS ARE RIGHT HERE.
WOAH, I'M NOT YOUR FRIEND.
I JUST CAME HERE TO STOP
THE DARK SIGNERS.
SORRY, JACK,
BUT LIKE IT OR NOT,
WE HAVE TO BE FRIENDS.
AND OUR FRIENDSHIP
IS WHAT MAKES US
STRONG ENOUGH TO TAKE
THESE GUYS ON.
AS FOR KALIN...
HE MADE HIS CHOICE
A LONG TIME AGO.
LISTEN TO YOU.
YOU'RE BECOMING
QUITE A MAN.
SO DOES THIS MEAN
YOU'RE GOING TO FIGHT
THE DARK SIGNERS?
WELL, BEFORE
YOU HEAD OFF....
YOU HAVE TO EAT.
YOU CAN'T SAVE THE WORLD
ON AN EMPTY STOMACH.
Trudge: HMMPH.
ALL THAT FRIEND TALK...
HM?
WHO KNEW THEY HAD FLOWERS
ON THIS DUMP OF AN ISLAND?
HEH!...I'LL GIVE THIS TO MINA.
MINA, MY LOVE...
OFFICER...
[LAUGHS]
WHY ARE YOU
STARING AT ME?
STOP FOLLOWING ME!
SCRAM!
WHAT'S GOING ON, JACK?
YOU'RE BEING GRUMPY...
GRUMPIER THAN USUAL,
I MEAN...
ARE YOU SCARED OF
THE DARK SIGNERS?
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS.
OH, I KNOW,
YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT
THAT CARLY GIRL...
UM JACK, I SHOULD
DISCLOSE SOMETHING--
I THINK I MIGHT HAVE
SPECIAL FEELINGS
FOR YOU.
OF COURSE YOU DO!
BUT WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT CARLY RIGHT NOW.
WHATEVER HAPPENED
TO THAT GIRL...
IT HAPPENED
BECAUSE OF ME, MINA,
CARLY GOT INVOLVED WITH
ALL OF THIS BECAUSE OF ME.
IT'S MY FAULT.
I MUST FIND HER.
AND...ABOUT
WHAT I JUST SAID?...
OEE!
OW, OW, OW, HEY!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
I'M GONNA START
GETTING DINNER READY.
AND YOU'RE
GOING TO HELP.
YOU'RE PUTTING ME TO WORK?
I'M A GUEST!
HERE, WEAR THIS...
IT'LL LOOK GREAT
ON YOU!
Martha: SMALLER!
ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT!
OH! OW!
DON'T PUT YOUR FINGER
IN THE SOUP!
WHAT DOES
CLEANING THE BATHROOM
HAVE TO DO WITH
MAKING DINNER?...OUCH!
NOTHING!
BUT IT NEEDED
A GOOD SCRUBBING.
AAAARGH...
I CAN HELP YOU!
HUH? OH YEAH?
HEY, THANKS KID!
YEAH, THATTA BOY!
AS FOR YOU, LADY...
DO YOU TREAT ALL YOUR
GUESTS THIS WAY?
HASN'T BEING ACTIVE
AND HELPING SOMEONE ELSE
TAKEN YOUR MIND OFF THINGS,
OFFICER TRUDGE?
EH?
THE BEST WAY TO DEAL
WITH A BROKEN HEART
IS TO STOP DWELLING,
GET OUTTA YOUR HEAD,
AND MAKE YOURSELF USEFUL.
YOU SEE, HERE IN SATELLITE,
WE'VE HAD TO BECOME
VERY GOOD AT FINDING WAYS
TO COPE WITH
SADNESS AND LOSS.
TAKE TAKA, FOR EXAMPLE,
WHEN HE WAS YOUNGER
HE LOST HIS HOME TO A FIRE.
BUT HE WAS SO GRATEFUL
FOR THE SECURITY OFFICERS
WHO DID EVERYTHING
THEY COULD TO HELP...
HE NEVER FORGOT
THEIR KINDNESS.
HE DECIDED HE WANTED
TO GROW UP
AND BECOME A SECTOR
SECURITY OFFICER HIMSELF...
THAT'S HOW HE DEALS
WITH HIS SADNESS--
BY TRYING TO BE HELPFUL.
SO THAT'S WHY HE KEEPS
FOLLOWING ME AROUND...
BUT MARTHA--
THE RULES SAY THAT
PEOPLE FROM
THE SATELLITE SECTOR
CAN'T BECOME SECURITY.
IN THIS CRAZY WORLD OF OURS,
NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE...
DON'T YOU THINK SO?
Taka: ONE DOWN!
HUH?
[THINKING] I HOPE SHE'S RIGHT
BECAUSE WE'RE GOING TO NEED
ALL THE SECURITY WE CAN GET.
Taka, Jon, Mitch, Girls:
THIS LOOKS GREAT!
EH...YUCK!
UH...
THIS IS DELICIOUS,
ISN'T IT!?
YEAH, IT'S AWESOME!
THE COOL GUY FROM SECURITY
WHIPPED IT UP FOR US!
DOH! WELL, UH...
THANKS, MISTER,
IT'S SO GOOD!
YEAH, THANKS!
HMPH!
EH...
[GULPING]
IT'S TOO SPICY!...
[LAUGHTER]
[BOTH LAUGH]
HEY KIDS, IF WE'RE ABLE
TO WIN THIS NEXT BATTLE...
GOODWIN'S GONNA
FINISH THE BRIDGE
THAT CONNECTS THE SATELLITE
TO NEW DOMINO CITY.
THAT BRIDGE WILL
BRING PEOPLE TOGETHER.
IT'LL SIGNAL THE BEGINNING
OF A NEW ERA.
WHERE YOU GUYS CAN GROW UP
TO BECOME ANYTHING.
I SURE HOPE YOU'RE RIGHT!
[BOYS CHUCKLING]
[THINKING] IF THEY WIN THIS WAR
AND SOCIETY DOES CHANGE,
TAKA MIGHT BE ABLE
TO BECOME SECURITY...
AND I MIGHT BE WORTHY OF HER...
HM?
[MUNCHING]
All: AAAAAH!!
WHAT WAS THAT?
IS EVERYONE OKAY?
[ROMAN LAUGHS]
WHO ARE YOU?
WHAT DO YOU WANT
WITH US?
[LAUGHS]
SORRY TO INTERRUPT
YOUR DINNER...
MY NAME IS ROMAN.
AND I BEAR THE MARK
OF THE SPIDER.
Yusei: THE MARK
OF THE SPIDER...
JUST LIKE IN
THE VISION WE SAW...
I HEARD THAT WE HAD
4 SIGNERS VISITING...
I THOUGHT I'D
COME WELCOME YOU.
OF COURSE--WE DARK SIGNERS
HAVE ONLY ONE WAY
OF SAYING "HELLO."
BRING IT ON, BUB!
NO!...WE CAN'T
DUEL HERE,
IT'S NOT SAFE.
EVERYONE'LL GET SWALLOWED UP
IF HE SUMMONS AN IMMORTAL.
I'LL TRY TO LEAD HIM AWAY.
YOU LOOK AFTER
MARTHA AND THE KIDS.
IF YOU WANT A DUEL
ROMAN--FOLLOW ME!
LEAD THE WAY, FRIEND.
I'M COMING WITH YOU.
HEY--DON'T LAG BEHIND.
WE'RE COMING!...
ALRIGHT, MEN--
THAT ROMAN IS A BAD GUY,
HE TOOK CROW
AND EVERYONE ELSE.
LET'S GO HELP
YUSEI DEFEAT HIM!
YEAH!
COME ON--
IT'S TIME TO BEGIN.
Both: LET'S DUEL!
...IT'S TIME TO BEGIN.
[CHUCKLES]
OH NO...
[THINKING] IT LOOKS
LIKE THE ONLY WAY
OUT OF THIS
IS IF YUSEI
CAN OUT DUEL
THIS DARK SIGNER.
[LAUGHS]
THE DUEL HAS STARTED.
I'M SCARED...
COME ON, EVERYONE, IN HERE.
BUT TAKA'S
NOT WITH US...
NEITHER ARE
JON AND MITCH.
WHERE ARE THEY!?
[GASP]
LOOK!
MARTHA!
Trudge: I'M ON IT!
THE FIRST MOVE'S MINE--
I DRAW!
I SUMMON SHIELD WING
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND WITH THAT I END MY TURN.
INTERESTING...
MY MOVE!
I'M ACTIVATING THE SPIDER WEB
FIELD SPELL!
THIS COULD GET STICKY.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA!
NOW I ACTIVATE THE DARK TUNER
SPIDER COCOON!
AND THE REASON I'M ABLE
TO SUMMON THIS MONSTER
IS BECAUSE MY FIELD IS EMPTY
AND YOU HAVE
ONE MONSTER IN PLAY!
WITH THAT DONE,
I'M SUMMONING DARK SPIDER!
NOW UNTIL THE END
OF MY TURN...
DARK SPIDER CAN HARNESS
THE POWER OF THE SHADOWS
IN ITS WEB
AND GRANT THE POWER
TO AN INSECT MONSTER
ON MY FIELD.
WHICH MEANS SPIDER COCOON'S
LEVEL GROWS IN POWER...
AND NOW SPIDER COCOON
WILL RETURN THE FAVOR
BY GIVING DARK SPIDER
A TUNE-UP!
WHEN THE SHADOWS ARE DEVOURED
BY EVEN DARKER SHADOWS,
THE CURTAIN PULLS BACK
AND REVEALS...
A WORLD WITHOUT LIGHT!
COME FORTH!
UNDERGROUND ARACHNID!
OH GREAT,
ANOTHER INSECT DUEL...
IT'S A GOOD THING THAT
SPIDER'S NOT STRONG ENOUGH
TO CRAWL PAST
MY SHIELD WING.
WHO SAYS THAT I WANT IT
TO CRAWL PAST ANYTHING YUSEI?
I JUST PLAN ON TAKING YOUR
SHIELD WING FOR MY OWN!
GO TWINE THREAD!
DOES THIS MEAN
SHIELD WING'S
ON YOUR FIELD?!
THAT'S RIGHT,
YOU SEE ONCE A TURN,
UNDERGROUND ARACHNID
CAN USE
ONE OF THE MONSTERS ON YOUR
FIELD AS AN EQUIP CARD
TO GAIN MORE POWER.
AND NOW THAT YOU HAVE
NOTHING TO PROTECT YOU,
UNDERGROUND ARACHNID
CAN ATTACK!
OH NO,
THAT THING WIPED OUT
MORE THAN HALF
HIS LIFE POINTS.
THIS IS BAD...
I'M PLACING ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND ENDING MY TURN.
YOUR MOVE...
LET'S GO UP HERE...
FOLLOW ME.
IT'S MY TURN NOW...
I DRAW!
I SUMMON THE TUNER MONSTER--
ROAD SYNCHRON!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
THE ONE FOR ONE SPELL CARD!
SO BY SENDING ONE MONSTER
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN USE ONE FOR ONE
TO SUMMON A WEAKER
MONSTER FROM MY HAND!
NOT ONLY THAT--
BUT WHEN I HAVE
A FACEUP TUNER MONSTER
ON MY FIELD...
I CAN INSTANTLY SUMMON
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
SO WITH THOSE 3 MONSTERS
ON HIS FIELD...
I BET YUSEI'S GOT A PLAN
TO SQUASH THAT SPIDER.
NEXT I ACTIVATE TUNING
SUPPORTER'S ABILITY!
WHEN IT'S USED
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON...
IT CAN ACT AS
A LEVEL 2 MONSTER.
THAT CAN ONLY MEAN...
THAT I'M TUNING
ROAD SYNCHRON
WITH MY QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
AND TUNING SUPPORTER
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO
SUMMON...ROAD FIGHTER!
LET'S REV IT UP!
Duel runner computer:
ROAD FIGHTER
IS A SYNCHRO MONSTER
THAT LETS YOU SUMMON A LEVEL ONE
OR LEVEL TWO MONSTER
FROM YOUR DECK ONCE PER TURN.
3,000 ATTACK POINTS!
NOW THAT'S
HOW WE SIGNERS
LIKE T' DO THINGS!
HMPH!
SINCE I USED
TUNING SUPPORTER
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON JUST NOW,
I CAN ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY...
TIME TO BRAWL!
ROAD FIGHTER CRUSH HIS
UNDERGROUND ARACHNID!
GO LIGHTNING CLAW!
YOU DID IT!
WHAT JUST HAPPENED??
UNDERGROUND ARACHNID
USED YOUR SHIELD WING
IN ORDER TO SAVE ITSELF
FROM YOUR ATTACK.
AND NOW, DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF THE SPIDER WEB
FIELD SPELL,
ROAD FIGHTER IS FORCED
INTO DEFENSE MODE...
AND IT'S STUCK THAT WAY
UNTIL YOUR NEXT TURN.
IF UNDERGROUND
ARACHNID MANAGES
TO WEAVE ITS WEB AROUND
YOUR MONSTER ON MY NEXT TURN,
THEN YOUR FIELD
WILL BE EMPTY, YUSEI.
AND WHEN YOU TAKE
MY DIRECT ATTACK,
YOU WILL DANCE
THE DANCE OF DOOM.
THING IS?...I DON'T DANCE.
I ACTIVATE
ROAD FIGHTER'S ABILITY!
ONCE A TURN,
I CAN USE ITS POWER
TO SUMMON A LEVEL 1 OR 2
MONSTER FROM MY DECK!
SO I'M SUMMONING--
TURBO BOOSTER!
THIS ONE'S
FOR YOU, RALLY...
NOW I ACTIVATE
TURBO BOOSTER'S ABILITY!
BY RELEASING THIS CARD...
I CAN POUND UNDERGROUND
ARACHNID INTO THE DIRT!
GO--TWIN FISTS OF FURY!
HE DID IT.
THIS DARK SIGNER
HAS NOTHING ON YUSEI...
Jon: OVER THERE!
HEY, YUSEI!
Yusei: NO!
OH DEAR...WHAT ARE
THEY DOING HERE!?
DON'T COME ANY CLOSER,
DON'T TOUCH
THAT BARRIER...
EH?!
IT'S TOO LATE
FOR YOUR FRIENDS!
I SUMMON ALTAR
OF THE BOUND DEITY!
NOW ONCE A TURN DURING
MY STANDBY PHASE--
FOR EVERY MONSTER
ON THE FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE,
THE ALTAR GAINS ONE
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL COUNTER.
WHEN ALL 4 OF
THE ALTAR'S COUNTER FLAMES
HAVE BEEN LIT...
THE BOUND DEITY
WILL GRANT ME THE POWER
TO SUMMON ONE EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL FROM MY DECK!
OH NO!
EARTHBOUND IMMORTALS,
THOSE ARE
THE BIG ONES, RIGHT?
THE ONES THAT ABSORB
THE ESSENCE OF ANYONE
THAT COMES IN CONTACT
WITH THAT PURPLE MIST?
THIS WAS A MISTAKE!
Akiza: KIDS!...RUN!
[THINKING] JON...
MITCH...TAKA...
MAN...WHERE ARE THOSE GUYS?...
I TOTALLY LOST 'EM...
I SENSE A FEW MORE RATS
HAVE SNUCK IN...
THAT'S TOO BAD
FOR THEM SINCE
THE ONLY WAY TO END
THIS DUEL AT THIS POINT...
IS FOR ONE OF US
TO SUFFER DEFEAT.
[THINKING] I CAN'T
LOSE THIS BATTLE,
I HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO STOP HIM
BEFORE HE SUMMONS
AN EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL...
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
I CAN SAVE THOSE KIDS.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪